example-workload/gatewayapi: Add a example to show howto do blue-green deployment (#4466)
projectcontour/contour: examples/example-workload/gatewayapi/README.md

# Gateway-API

> This directory contains example code for run contour with Gateway-API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This directory contains example Gateway API resources demonstrating different aspects of its functionality.
```

Reviewer 2: done

> Most subdirectories contain a (complete) set of Kubernetes YAML that can be applied to a cluster.

Reviewer: can drop this sentence.

Reviewer 2: done

This section describes the purpose of each subdirectory.

## Notes:

>  To run the all examples, it is assumed to you have gone through https://projectcontour.io/guides/gateway-api/ to set up Contour with Gateway API enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 To run the all examples, it is assumed that you have gone through https://projectcontour.io/guides/gateway-api/ to set up Contour with Gateway API enabled.
```

Reviewer 2: done

## blue-green

> It's to show how to do blue-green deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Shows how to do a blue-green deployment.
```

Reviewer 2: done
